com.recite.widgets.AlwaysMarqueeTextView
com.recite.widgets.AlwaysMarqueeTextView: AlwaysMarqueeTextView(android.content.Context)
com.recite.widgets.AlwaysMarqueeTextView: AlwaysMarqueeTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.recite.widgets.AlwaysMarqueeTextView: AlwaysMarqueeTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.weixue.api.AppRuntimeActivity: AppRuntimeActivity()
com.weixue.api.WeiXueActivity: WeiXueActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.AibingActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.AibingActivity: AibingActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.BriefIntroductionActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.BriefIntroductionActivity: BriefIntroductionActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.ListViewModeActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.ListViewModeActivity: ListViewModeActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.MainActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.NotebookActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.NotebookActivity: NotebookActivity()
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$color: int black
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$color: int gray
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$color: int white
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int add_to_notebook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int aibing_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int aibing_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int background
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int brief_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int brief_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_aibing_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_brief_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_default_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_listview_mode_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_not_remember_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_notbook_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int button_remember_selector
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int default_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int default_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int delete
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int download_button_normal
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int download_button_pressed
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int engmp3
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int explain
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int lexicon_background1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int lexicon_background2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int lexicon_icon
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int listview_background
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int listview_background_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int listview_mode_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int listview_mode_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int not_remember_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int not_remember_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int notbook_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int notbook_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int remember_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int remember_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int select_lexicon_1
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int select_lexicon_2
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int selector_download_button
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int selector_lexicon_background
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$drawable: int selector_lexicon_select
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_adapter_editText_number
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_adapter_textView_pre
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_adapter_textview_after
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_adapter_textview_time_type
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_listview_show
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int aibing_togglebutton_open
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_addToNotebook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_aibing
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_brief
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_delete_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_engmp3
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_listviewMode
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_notRemember
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int button_remember
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int gridlayout
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int listview_mode_adapter_button_add_to_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int listview_mode_adapter_textView_explain_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int listview_mode_adapter_textView_word
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int listview_mode_textview_bar
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int listview_notbookShow
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int main_activity_button_select_lexicon
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int main_activity_lexicon_icon
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int notbook_toast_linearlayout
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int notbook_toast_textview
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int relativelayout_lowerBoundary
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int relativelayout_scrollview
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int scrollView_word
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int scrollview_explain
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int select_lexicon_dialog_download_button
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int select_lexicon_dialog_imageview
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int select_lexicon_dialog_listView
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int select_lexicon_dialog_spinner
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textView_explain_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textView_word_notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textview_explain
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textview_notbookShow
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textview_show
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textview_soundmark
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int textview_word
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int view
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$id: int webview_brief_introduction
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int aibing
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int aibing_adapter
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int brief_introduction
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int listview_mode
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int listview_mode_adapter
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int main_activity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int notbook
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int notbook_listview_adapter
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int notbook_toast
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int select_lexicon_dialog
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$layout: int select_lexicon_dialog_adapter
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$string: int app_name
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.R$style: int AppTheme
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.SelectLexiconDialogActivity
com.xiaobawang.zhongxue.yingyu.beidanci.SelectLexiconDialogActivity: SelectLexiconDialogActivity()
